feat(RSVP): Prevent classic rsvp form showing on blocks posts. (#1186)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Fix - Allow the PayPal confirmation email address sender to be empty, so it can default to the WordPress site email address [122745]
* Fix - Stop claiming that the Attendee Registration page is an archive, add shortcode to display on any page [123044]
* Fix - Remove CSS that was hiding the RSVP form when Blocks are disabled [123136]

> * Fix - Prevent classic rsvp form showing on blocks posts front-end [124394]

Reviewer: Should we go Full caps on RSVP?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix - Prevent the classic RSVP form from showing in block-enabled posts on front-end [124394]
```
